Yes Hello everyone this time Rider drive tk tire exchange series zero
6 will continue to introduce everyone loves waiting Chow's
Package conform to the front and upper
The trip will be behind
Deluxe light cross tag sale around the middle of January
It seems like there is a small ride as it comes
Contents are armed parts body to machine small body
It is a break gunner wing parts from the top to the clovers
small
Furthermore, next to and in front of the travel side
Above
In addition will be on the rear side Gawa was dove
I wonder to say nasty Kakko is such a feeling close look at
The proportion is good enough to make a mistake with the first figurines
Movable neck turns up and down and left and right once
This tip is soft
I could extend my arms to here
Because the parts of the shoulder of the one-time ticket open with pakapaka, it does not get in the way of movable
One turn from the upper arm and the elbow is also bent
Also move you wrist from around the forearm to the left and right
One turn
From the body of the waist thereabouts finger runs two by two
One turn around from the base of the leg to the back
The open leg can be extended to here Thighs a little from the bottom around one turn knee
Curved ankle is up, down, left and right
With one leg up in the are you firmly hard and will rotate the joint part of the ball joint and
To go
The range of motion is wide and easy to play like Himeji Kamen Rider drive type Spoo.
It will be like this when you line up the small machines that have been released to the rock
Car series of this tk medicine in the driving action of Shokugan from the left
This machine small Candy Bi Su 2 Rider Hero Series
As for the color, the machine injection of this t-type tire replacement series is as per the play
Next to break gunner on the front and the side
Upper side and
On the other side, I think that the formation here is fine, but the small curtain of the machine seen from above is too thin
It's a bit omitted.
This is metallic purple and gray
If you paint the grip part in black, it may look more like this
Is a sloppy to Blake Gunner
And I thought cell Yes will be something like this
And break up 4 ab mode change It is my impression, but this break
Gunner is I feel like a little small
Next you will have armed parts body also attached to the machine small to make the noodles and yes back side
past
The ignorance of the cobra is one
Can not be removed and spread ignorance
Yes It becomes like this ignorance itself has become a soft part
The rotation of the whip can only be done in this part , but even so, you can freely
Can move
The tip also works like this, ignorance
When putting it back, it will be put back to the original while fitting it to the unevenness as it is wound on the armed parts
Yes this is complete
Finally with the wings and hardship parts the noodles and yes
The back side has become like this as it is asymmetrical shaping with which
Both gray parts are soft parts.
The operation of the wing parts can be spread in this way to the center
As for hardship parts, the part of the handle and the convex part are like this
Work at office
When making parts into one, it is in the pot part of the armed parse body
Being careful to match the wing to the shape of the convex part of the mounting hardships parts
If attached to the wing parts
Yes with this, you have completed the martial arts part
Yes it will be the back side, and this can be installed in the same way as tk tire replacement
Yes This and thinks Ya over in the pile original's machine Qi in got to interview complete
If you install it while paying attention to the hole in the middle part, then the armed parts are fixed by this and the machine small 2
Minutes
The sense of volume of the machine chi who has been able to make it increase, but still 3 6
I do not measure the tube, so it is a balance of exquisite size
Expand the armed parts wing
Qi will be in flight mode with the server and armed play of the machine tracker
First, the Tracker Cobbler here was fitted with armed parts body and remove the part of the 6 o'clock
Remove the well-armed parts of
Soshitara go with as it is to those of the arm to the right hand's machine Qi
I will fit according to the hole
It is completion of the high-tuned tracker cobra. It can be armed if it is extended with this back
It is very good in the play as it is
Operation in this state can be moved quite freely, of course tweeter on the back
It is fine and it is tuned to the tracker's pigeon from here
Mochi
It resembles tar the distal end portion of the whip folded
If you expand the wing in this state yes x The tracker part is complete Very easy
You can deform it
And from here I put the tuning wing parts back into my motto on Chaser Spider
Get off the hard grip part 9
Say and expand the hard part is yes x tracker spider is completed
Well here also connected to the neatly back a yet to be handy deformation
By the way, it is also possible to have the machine chi- san have only the hard part
Such a scene is in the play this machine ground this time
Come on , attach various tires to your back about the tire replacement series
can do
For example , how do you look like the color of the midnight chart looks like this
It feels like
I do not know if this kind of scene is heavy , but let the tires be recounted lightly
can do
It can not be installed with weapon parts like rumble dumps attached
It is possible to attach after removing the weapon parts
Yes Rumble dump was tuned for machine parking
I and the reach we part I feel a likely future of the super heavy Once this kind of did
Monster
like this
I think I can thing attaching state of Well Well
It could not be installed with other ek tire replacement series
Yeah somehow viewed from the front and it seems to feel, such as those carrying a shell of the turtle
And order fit purple body , right ?
You can also have the drive change the tires of the armed parts
How do you see everyone, I feel that something is likely to happen
You can play like this by holding the grip part of the hard part directly
I will
Will the role was to type world to such a feeling to Kaho finger armed
Unreasonable to type technique
It will be like this if you change the tires Type technique is really forced but
I can not do it, yes
Rider of action figures that tried to line up with the drive 3 type machine lichen
Tk tire more you can reproduce the realistic battle scenes I Yes more by Chan appeared
Replacement series zero for 6 horse injections
It was an introduction of sh and I said this is really good for proportions for figuarts
What is that, but I feel bad about the photo of the package
The real thing is very cool The range of movement is wide and armed play can be easily done
This is a very good product. Thank you for watching it.
If the main nectar is full
goo
Ah ah ah ah
Thank you for your viewing comments and rating channels